I am a mobile and web application developer with a passion for creating dynamic user experiences and solving business challenges. I have a diploma in Mobile Application Design and Development from Algonquin College, where I developed a visitor management app and website using Python, Django, React, and PostgreSQL, increasing management efficiency by more than 40%. I also have a bachelor's degree in Computer Science and Information Technology from Ganpat University, where I ranked third in a coding competition among various programmers.

I have two years of professional experience as a mobile application developer at the Canada Border Services Agency and a web developer at Counting Opinions. At CBSA, I worked with the UI team to analyze user requirements, design and write well-structured Kotlin code for Android applications, and cooperate with other developers, designers, and team members to provide solutions to business challenges. I also worked on various proof-of-concept applications to test new technologies and document the takeaways for future reference. At Counting Opinions, I developed and tested code in JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Rest API, JSON, and jQuery, and communicated effectively with the customer success team. I am proficient in languages and frameworks like JavaScript, React Native, CSS3, HTML5, C#, React JS, Node JS, and Bootstrap, and I have a strong interest in JavaScript and Augmented Reality. I am looking for a new opportunity where I can apply my skills and expertise, learn new technologies, and contribute to the success of the organization.
